README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# 👋 Hello, I'm **Selim**! 

<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com/?font=Fira+Code&size=28&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=36BCF7&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=CSE+Graduate+from+SUST;Competitive+Programmer;Full-Stack+Developer;Blockchain+Enthusiast" alt="Typing SVG" />

</div>

---

## 🚀 About Me

> *"Code like a poet, debug like a detective."*

🎓 **Bachelor of Science in Computer Science & Engineering** from **Shahjalal University of Science and Technology (SUST)** *(Feb 2020 - Jul 2025)*

💡 **Passionate about**: Competitive programming, building scalable web applications, and exploring blockchain technology

🌱 **Currently exploring**: Advanced blockchain development and decentralized applications

---

## 🏆 Competitive Programming & Achievements

<div align="center">

| Platform | Achievement | Rating/Performance |
|----------|-------------|-------------------|
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c6/ICPC_Foundation_logo.svg" width="20"/> **ICPC** | Asia Dhaka Regional 2024 | *46th/2400+ (Preli), 136th/300+(Regional)* |
| <img src="https://codeforces.org/s/0/apple-icon-114x114.png" width="20"/> **Codeforces** | Pupil | *Max Rating: 1392* |
| <img src="https://cdn.codechef.com/sites/all/themes/abessive/cc-logo.png" width="20"/> **CodeChef** | 3⭐ Coder | *Rating: 1725* |
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/19/LeetCode_logo_black.png" width="20"/> **LeetCode** | Top Performer | *Top 12.85%* |

### 🏅 Additional Achievements
- 🥇 **Champion** - Creative Talent Exploration Competition (2018)
- ☁️ **AWS Academy** - Cloud Foundations Course Badge
- 📊 **Problem Solver** - 1100+ problems solved across various platforms

</div>

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack & Skills

<div align="center">

### 💻 Programming Languages
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Solidity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solidity-363636?style=for-the-badge&logo=solidity&logoColor=white)

### 🌐 Web Technologies & Frameworks
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

### 🗄️ Databases
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

### 🔧 Tools & Platforms
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![Hardhat](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hardhat-FFF04D?style=for-the-badge&logo=ethereum&logoColor=black)
![Ethereum](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ethereum-3C3C3D?style=for-the-badge&logo=Ethereum&logoColor=white)
![MetaMask](https://img.shields.io/badge/MetaMask-F6851B?style=for-the-badge&logo=metamask&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

## 📊 GitHub Statistics

<div align="center">
  
![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=whiteblueskyss&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&count_private=true)

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=whiteblueskyss&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=whiteblueskyss&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)

</div>

---

## 🌟 Featured Projects

<div align="center">

<table>
<tr>
<td width="50%">

**🎓 E-Certificate on Blockchain**

[![Repo](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=whiteblueskyss&repo=E-Certificate-on-Ethereum-Blockchain&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&description_lines_count=3)](https://github.com/whiteblueskyss/E-Certificate-on-Ethereum-Blockchain)
<!-- 
*Blockchain-based certificate verification with NFTs, QR codes, and role-based access using Solidity & React.*
-->

</td>
<td width="50%">

**🛒 E-commerce Platform**

[![Repo](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=whiteblueskyss&repo=E-commerce-Site&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&description_lines_count=3)](https://github.com/whiteblueskyss/E-commerce-Site)

<!-- 
*Full-stack e-commerce site with authentication, cart, payment integration using MERN stack & Stripe.*
-->

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="50%">

**X-Clone Social Media**

[![Repo](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=whiteblueskyss&repo=x-clone&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&description_lines_count=3)](https://github.com/whiteblueskyss/x-clone)
<!--
*Twitter-inspired platform with real-time posts, comments, likes using MERN stack & TailwindCSS.*
-->
</td>
<td width="50%">

**📚 IICT Library System**

[![Repo](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=whiteblueskyss&repo=IICTLibrary&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&description_lines_count=3)](https://github.com/whiteblueskyss/IICTLibrary)

<!-- 
*Library management system with book search, borrowing history using PHP, MySQL & JavaScript.*
-->
</td>
</tr>
</table>

</div>

---

## ⚡ Beyond The Code

<div align="center">

### 🏟️ *"Where my heart beats faster - on the field, not just in front of the screen"*

</div>

While algorithms and data structures occupy my mind, my soul finds its rhythm on the sports field.

- ⚽ **Football** 
- 🏏 **Cricket** 
- 🏐 **Volleyball** 
- 🏃‍♂️ **Running**
  
<!--*Fun fact: I probably spend more time analyzing team formations than system architecture, but both require the same strategic mindset and love for optimization!*
-->
---

## 📫 Let's Connect!

<div align="center">

[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:selim.chy50@gmail.com)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/whiteblueskyss)
[![Codeforces](https://img.shields.io/badge/Codeforces-1F8ACB?style=for-the-badge&logo=codeforces&logoColor=white)](https://codeforces.com/profile/whiteblueskyss)
[![CodeChef](https://img.shields.io/badge/CodeChef-5B4638?style=for-the-badge&logo=codechef&logoColor=white)](https://www.codechef.com/users/whiteblueskyss)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/whiteblueskyss)

</div>

---
<!-- 

<div align="center">

### 🌟 *"Turning ideas into code, one commit at a time!"* 🌟

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=whiteblueskyss&color=blueviolet&style=for-the-badge)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/whiteblueskyss?label=Follow&style=for-the-badge&color=blue)](https://github.com/whiteblueskyss)

</div>
-->

Commit message:

Revise current exploration to full-stack development

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# 👋 Hello, I'm **Selim**! 

<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com/?font=Fira+Code&size=28&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=36BCF7&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=CSE+Graduate+from+SUST;Competitive+Programmer;Full-Stack+Developer;Blockchain+Enthusiast" alt="Typing SVG" />

</div>

---

## 🚀 About Me

> *"Code like a poet, debug like a detective."*

🎓 **Bachelor of Science in Computer Science & Engineering** from **Shahjalal University of Science and Technology (SUST)** *(Feb 2020 - Jul 2025)*

💡 **Passionate about**: Competitive programming, building scalable web applications, and exploring blockchain technology

🧑‍💻 **Currently working on**: Enhancing my skills in full-stack development and modern web technologies
---

## 🏆 Competitive Programming & Achievements

<div align="center">

| Platform | Achievement | Rating/Performance |
|----------|-------------|-------------------|
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c6/ICPC_Foundation_logo.svg" width="20"/> **ICPC** | Asia Dhaka Regional 2024 | *46th/2400+ (Preli), 136th/300+(Regional)* |
| <img src="https://codeforces.org/s/0/apple-icon-114x114.png" width="20"/> **Codeforces** | Pupil | *Max Rating: 1392* |
| <img src="https://cdn.codechef.com/sites/all/themes/abessive/cc-logo.png" width="20"/> **CodeChef** | 3⭐ Coder | *Rating: 1725* |
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/19/LeetCode_logo_black.png" width="20"/> **LeetCode** | Top Performer | *Top 12.85%* |

### 🏅 Additional Achievements
- 🥇 **Champion** - Creative Talent Exploration Competition (2018)
- ☁️ **AWS Academy** - Cloud Foundations Course Badge
- 📊 **Problem Solver** - 1100+ problems solved across various platforms

</div>

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack & Skills

<div align="center">

### 💻 Programming Languages
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Solidity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solidity-363636?style=for-the-badge&logo=solidity&logoColor=white)

### 🌐 Web Technologies & Frameworks
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

### 🗄️ Databases
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

### 🔧 Tools & Platforms
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![Hardhat](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hardhat-FFF04D?style=for-the-badge&logo=ethereum&logoColor=black)
![Ethereum](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ethereum-3C3C3D?style=for-the-badge&logo=Ethereum&logoColor=white)
![MetaMask](https://img.shields.io/badge/MetaMask-F6851B?style=for-the-badge&logo=metamask&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

## 📊 GitHub Statistics

<div align="center">
  
![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=whiteblueskyss&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&count_private=true)

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=whiteblueskyss&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=whiteblueskyss&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)

</div>

---

## 🌟 Featured Projects

<div align="center">

<table>
<tr>
<td width="50%">

**🎓 E-Certificate on Blockchain**

[![Repo](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=whiteblueskyss&repo=E-Certificate-on-Ethereum-Blockchain&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&description_lines_count=3)](https://github.com/whiteblueskyss/E-Certificate-on-Ethereum-Blockchain)
<!-- 
*Blockchain-based certificate verification with NFTs, QR codes, and role-based access using Solidity & React.*
-->

</td>
<td width="50%">

**🛒 E-commerce Platform**

[![Repo](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=whiteblueskyss&repo=E-commerce-Site&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&description_lines_count=3)](https://github.com/whiteblueskyss/E-commerce-Site)

<!-- 
*Full-stack e-commerce site with authentication, cart, payment integration using MERN stack & Stripe.*
-->

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="50%">

**X-Clone Social Media**

[![Repo](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=whiteblueskyss&repo=x-clone&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&description_lines_count=3)](https://github.com/whiteblueskyss/x-clone)
<!--
*Twitter-inspired platform with real-time posts, comments, likes using MERN stack & TailwindCSS.*
-->
</td>
<td width="50%">

**📚 IICT Library System**

[![Repo](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=whiteblueskyss&repo=IICTLibrary&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&description_lines_count=3)](https://github.com/whiteblueskyss/IICTLibrary)

<!-- 
*Library management system with book search, borrowing history using PHP, MySQL & JavaScript.*
-->
</td>
</tr>
</table>

</div>

---

## ⚡ Beyond The Code

<div align="center">

### 🏟️ *"Where my heart beats faster - on the field, not just in front of the screen"*

</div>

While algorithms and data structures occupy my mind, my soul finds its rhythm on the sports field.

- ⚽ **Football** 
- 🏏 **Cricket** 
- 🏐 **Volleyball** 
- 🏃‍♂️ **Running**
  
<!--*Fun fact: I probably spend more time analyzing team formations than system architecture, but both require the same strategic mindset and love for optimization!*
-->
---

## 📫 Let's Connect!

<div align="center">

[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:selim.chy50@gmail.com)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/whiteblueskyss)
[![Codeforces](https://img.shields.io/badge/Codeforces-1F8ACB?style=for-the-badge&logo=codeforces&logoColor=white)](https://codeforces.com/profile/whiteblueskyss)
[![CodeChef](https://img.shields.io/badge/CodeChef-5B4638?style=for-the-badge&logo=codechef&logoColor=white)](https://www.codechef.com/users/whiteblueskyss)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/whiteblueskyss)

</div>

---
<!-- 

<div align="center">

### 🌟 *"Turning ideas into code, one commit at a time!"* 🌟

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=whiteblueskyss&color=blueviolet&style=for-the-badge)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/whiteblueskyss?label=Follow&style=for-the-badge&color=blue)](https://github.com/whiteblueskyss)

</div>
-->
